We are going to go ahead and continue on in our series, our We Are, if you will.
We have been working in this series that we are an extension of our We Are series.
We are carriers of the promise and we've been exploring what it means to be just that, to explore what it means to be a carrier of the promise of Christ.
We've talked about being hope-bearers and we've talked about reflecting His light
in a dark and dying world.
But this week we're gonna shift a little bit and we're gonna shift our focus to the incredible, listen to this word, privilege.
But on the reverse, on the opposite side of that responsibility, the incredible privilege and responsibility of sharing the good news.
Think about the last time that you received
Good news, great news, something so exciting you couldn't wait to share it.
Maybe it was news about a new job or that maybe you were expecting or a breakthrough that God has been delaying and finally gave you an answer.
And he's allowed that success, that news to come.
See, good news is meant to be shared.
Good news is not something that you hold inside.
Matter of fact, we've talked about this before.
If you've ever witnessed a new believer who comes and has a genuine encounter with the Lord, what is the first thing that they do?
They want to tell somebody about it.
because it's almost impossible to keep that good news to yourself.
If you're expecting your firstborn or even your 15th born, Lord help us.
What is the first thing you want to do?
You want to go and tell your parents.
You want to go tell your family.
You want to tell those who are closest to you.
You want to share it.
And the Christmas story is the greatest news that the world has ever received.
What did the youth say a few minutes ago when they were reading scripture that a savior was born?
Amen.
And when God decided to announce this world changing event, he didn't go through religious leaders.
He didn't go through politicians.
He didn't even go through the people who were most likely to succeed.
He sent his angels
to shepherds.
These ordinary men became the first to hear and to share the good news of Jesus' birth.
He sent them to the regular folk, how we might say it.
You and me, the regular common person.
See, like the angels and the shepherds, we are called to be bearers
of good news.
This message isn't just for us though.
This message today is an equipping for you to go and tell the world that a Savior is born, Jesus.
This is the season.
This is the time.
This is the opportunity.
And so today we're going to take a look at what it means to take this news and what it is that makes it so transformative and how we can boldly share it with those around us.
If you're a note taker, this is point one.
See, the good news is joyful.
Listen, I get it.
We've talked about this before.
For some, Christmas is a difficult time.
The loss of a loved one, the loss of some situations, something that is carrying the weight, and all that Christmas does is remind you of that year after year after year.
But the good news, not just Christmas, but the good news is supposed to be is joyful.
If you have your Bibles, turn with me to Luke chapter two, as we'll spend our time there together today.
Luke chapter two, and we're gonna start down at verse 10.
Luke chapter two and verse 10.
It says this, but the angels reassured them, don't be afraid, he said.
I bring you good news that will bring great joy to all people, say all people.
Imagine being one of the shepherds that night.
You're in the fields, you're watching your flock and suddenly the sky bursts out with this amazing light.
We talked last week about being light bears and how in the darkest of night that even the smallest flame ignited will shine.
and illuminate the things around it.
And you as a shepherd are sitting in the middle of the night.
There is no town lights that are lighting up the area.
It is just you, the Almighty, some sheep, and a whole lot of darkness.
And then all of a sudden, out of the blue, out of the black comes this amazing light.
And an angel then appears out of that light.
What is your first reaction?
I'll just be real honest, fear is probably mine.
And that's just because we naturally, as human beings, tend to fear the unknown.
Now once we realize, oh, it's an angel.
Well, prayerfully, we're not quite so fearful.
But then the angel speaks and he says, don't be afraid.
I bring you good news that will bring great joy.
The shepherds didn't hear these words.
They didn't just hear it with their ears.
They experienced the joy firsthand when they made their journey and found Jesus.
So what makes the good news so joyful?
First, the promise has come salvation.
has come.
The angel's announcement wasn't just a nice story.
It was a declaration that the Savior of the world had finally arrived.
The promise was here.
It was a declaration that
wasn't just a temporary patch or a temporary solution as all of the Old Testament was, just a covering over the sin, but that it was a permanent solution to our eternal problem.
That Jesus came to forgive and to reconcile us to God and to give us eternal relationship with Him.
I don't know about you, but that's news worth sharing.
Oh, it's quiet.
Amen.
The good news is worth sharing.
The good news is not something to be just absorbed in a worship service.
We can't take what the Lord did a few moments ago in the move of His Spirit and just hold it and go, that's for me and I'm not doing anything else with it.
We take that good news and we take it outside the four walls of the church and we share it with everybody that we come in contact with.
because joy, peace is for all people.
The angel emphasized that this was for everybody, good news for all, not just a privilege, not just the powerful, but for everybody.
See, we've spent a year talking about who we are.
We've spent a year learning
Not only what we believe as a congregation, we've spent a year not only talking about who we are, but what we are and where we need to go.
We've talked about being believers who offer hope and healing to a lost generation, to a city that desperately needs help.
See, Jesus' birth, He breaks down all of these things that we've talked about.
It breaks down barriers of race and class and status and it offers hope.
It offers healing to anybody who will accept it.
It's a reminder and I use this word cautiously.
I do not use this word politically.
It's a reminder that the gospel is all inclusive.
It is for every person, male, female, young, old, rich, poor.
Nobody, say nobody.
Nobody is beyond the reach of God's love and the good news.
See, we've all seen those moments when
If you've been on social media and you flip through any kind of videos, there's the videos of the soldier coming home and they've been gone for a long time.
They've been on deployment or whatever.
And then all of a sudden they sneak in a dad or a mom sneaks into their kid's classroom and all of a sudden the kid turns around and they just drop everything and they run and grab on and latch onto their parent because they haven't seen them, seen them in so long.
And it's joy that overflows.
There's tears, there's laughter, there's relief.
Why?
Because what was broken or in this case what was separated has been restored, has been brought back together.
And that's the kind of joy that the good news brings when we are reconciled to Christ, when a life is restored, when a relationship is brought back together with its Creator.
That's why a new believer is a zealot, we would say.
They are excited to tell everybody that I am now a believer, that I am now a Christian.
Because everything that they've been looking for, everything that they've been hunting for, everything that they have been trying to fill with their life with, to fill the emptiness, to fill the brokenness, the lost.
They now have in Jesus.
And they have been since reconciled back to their Creator.
See, it's that kind of joy that transforms a new believer.
It's that kind of joy that takes a person who was lost in sin, who was dying, who was eternally separated from God.
It is that kind of joy that will transform their life and they will never be the same again.
The shepherds didn't just hear the good news and move on it.
It changed their lives.
They left their flocks to find Jesus and they couldn't stop sharing the joy of what they had seen.
Can I tell you this?
True joy is contagious.
When we experience the depth
and the breath of Christ's love and His grace, it overflows into our actions and our interactions with others.
I've mentioned this numerous times.
Just by a simple visit with each other, we can tell where each other is spiritually.
Just by a simple visit of what comes out of our mouth, the Bible says, from whatever out of the heart does the mouth speak?
Do you speak joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, faithfulness?
Are you in control?
Or is life chaotic and broken and full of chaos?
That kind of joy is contagious and it overflows with us.
You go, well, pastor, this is great.
But again, how do we apply what we're talking about?
If you're not a believer, if you're what we would call a seeker, if you've never experienced the joy of knowing Jesus, I want you to ask yourself this question.
Why?
Well, it's holding you back.
The same good news that brought joy to the shepherds is available to you today.
2000 years later, that same message, do not be afraid.
I bring you good news of great joy.
A savior's been born.
And that is still the message for you today to accept him and to accept that peace.
and that joy that overflows.
If you're a believer, reflect on the joy of your salvation.
Are you living with the joy that comes from knowing Christ?
Or have you let the stresses of life, again, dim that light, dim that joy?
It's pressing in.
It just seems like it's getting darker and it seems like it's getting heavier and it seems like it's just pressing it and joy has it burst forth.
Pray and ask God to restore the joy of your salvation and let it transform how you live and how you interact with others.
Let me tell you that sometimes you have to choose to speak joy because life is not at the moment joyful.
Sometimes you have to choose to speak life because death is trying to press in.
This was illustrated wonderfully by our students today when you had one side pressing against the other side and they were battling back and forth.
And sometimes you just have to say, they win, you don't done.
I take authority over this.
I'm not allowing the enemy to speak into my life.
I'm going to allow the spirit to speak into my life.
I'm going to choose joy.
I'm going to speak words of positivity.
I'm going to speak truth and the rest can be darned.
Good news brings great joy, but it's not meant again to stay with us.
When you come inside these four walls, what you receive is not just for you.
Yes, I try to speak messages that will encourage you, that will lift you up, that will walk you where you need to be.
But it is meant for you to take tools and go out and to share what you've heard here with those that God has given you in your circle of influence.
It's not meant to stay with us just as the angels declared that the message to the shepherds was to proclaim it to the world because the good news is for everybody.
Number two, good news is universal.
Look down at verse 11, if you will, just the very next verse, Luke chapter two, verse 11.
It says, the Savior, yes, the Messiah,
Here's again, a declaration.
How many times did the Jews have to have it spelled out for them?
Hey, this is him, the one you've been waiting for yet.
They missed it.
The Savior, yes, the Messiah, the Lord has been born today in Bethlehem, the city of David.
When the angel proclaimed the birth of Jesus, look how specific and personal the message was.
In one translation,
It says, a savior has been born to you.
The shepherds were ordinary, often overlooked people in society, but the angel made it clear that this good news wasn't just for someone else, but it was for them, the lowly shepherd.
And just as it was for the shepherds, it is for us.
It is for our neighbor.
It is for our coworker.
It is for those that are sitting in the pew next to us.
It is for everybody that we come in contact with.
Why?
Because he is a savior for all.
See, Jesus's birth shattered every human barrier.
He came not just for the Jewish people, but later we learned that he came for the Gentiles.
He came not just for men, but he came for women.
He came not just for the rich, but he also came for the poor.
This universal scope echoed throughout Scripture.
You don't have to turn there.
I'm not going to put it up on the screen, but just think with me back to John chapter three and verse 16, for God so loved the world.
Galatians chapter 3 and verse 28, there is neither Jew nor Gentile, slave nor free, male nor female, you are all one in Christ Jesus.
See the good news does not say does not divide us.
The good news unites us reminding us that no one is too far
from God's love.
There is nothing that you have done or ever can do that will separate you from the love of God.
Hear me, students.
This is a lie commonly told to young people.
Well, you struggle with this, you deal with that.
You've said this, you've gone here, you've done that.
God can't love you.
That is the biggest lie that the enemy can tell you.
There is nothing that you can ever do that will separate you from the love of God.
Why?
Because he is personal.
He is for you.
When Jesus came for all people, the message is deeply personal.
A Savior has been born to you.
The gospel is universal in its reach, but it's personal in its impact.
Catch that for a moment.
That's a tweetable.
That's a moment to jot down a note.
The gospel is universal.
It is for everybody, but its reach is personal and it has a personal impact.
Each of us is individually invited into a relationship with Jesus.
It's Christmas time, right?
So imagine receiving the most beautifully wrapped gift
You look and you flip the little tag and it has your name on it.
I mean it's got the bow, somebody took time, the ribbon that like goes both directions that nobody actually knows how to do and I still can't ever get it to work right.
And it's got that real pretty foil wrap, gold foil wrapping paper.
I mean it's got everything that you would want the perfect Christmas gift to have and you look and it's got your name on it.
You go, wow.
This is amazing.
Let's set it over here.
Is that what most of us do when we receive a gift?
Now I'm going to tell you, my grandma, the one who raised me, she was one who would take the tape off the ends and would literally unfold the wrapping paper.
And she'd go, well, I could use it later.
I don't have to tear it.
I can reuse the paper.
I see a couple of you nodding your head.
I was never that way.
Rip into the middle, tear it up, throw it away.
It would be silly.
It would be absurd, wouldn't it?
To set that gift aside that was so beautiful that somebody had taken time to wrap and to make the bow and to put your name and all of the things.
It would be silly just to set it aside.
Yet that's how many people treat the good news.
They receive the gift.
Jesus come into my life.
I make you Lord of my life.
I want you to be my savior.
Thank you Lord for saving me.
Amen.
And never walk out the door and never tell anybody else about Jesus.
See it's a gift though that it was given.
It was given to us, but it was a gift to be shared to the whole world.
And it has to be received personally to be able to share it publicly.
You receive that gift and then we in turn share it out.
It is our responsibility to share the good news.
God's plan involves us just as the angels declared the good news to the shepherds.
The shepherds shared it with others.
And we are now part of God's plan to spread that message.
Again, I didn't put it up on the screen.
Romans 10, 14 reminds us of the urgency.
It says, how can they believe in the one in whom they have not heard?
Well, if they've not heard, that means somebody needs to tell them.
Who's the somebody?
Say me.
So what are some practical ways that we as believers can reach out?
Think of the people in your life who need to hear this message that Jesus is for them and that there is nothing that they've done that is too far that God can't love and reach.
Is there a neighbor, a coworker, a friend who's struggling with the darkness of life?
See, sometimes sharing the gospel is as simple as listening.
It's as simple as showing kindness, and it's as simple as being willing to share your story of what Jesus has done in your life.
For non-believers, if you've never received Jesus as your personal savior, today's the day to take that step.
Good news isn't just for others, it's for you.
For believers, who's God placing on your heart to share the good news with?
There's a name that he's got on the tip of your tongue.
It's on your lips.
You know who it is.
And he's saying, I need you to tell the story.
I need you to share the good news with this person.
So here's what I want us to do.
I want us to take time this week to pray for boldness and clarity as you step into conversations or acts of love to share the good news with that person.
The name is on your lips.
You're now responsible for that name, friends.
You are now responsible to share the good news with that person.
God has placed a name.
So we've seen that the good news is joyful and that it's universal.
We've seen that it's not meant to stay with just us, but just like the shepherds couldn't keep the message to themselves, we're called to act on it and share it wherever we go.
So let's look at this as we
Come close, we're gonna run a little bit over just because of all of the activities, please bear with us.
So point number three, the good news requires actions.
Go down in Luke chapter two again, a little bit verse 17 and verse 18.
Luke chapter two verse 17 and 18, and it says this.
It says, after seeing him, the shepherds told everyone what had happened and what the angel had said to them about this child.
All who heard the shepherd's story,
were astonished.
Again, the story, good news isn't something you just hear.
It's something that moves you to action.
When the shepherds heard the angel's announcement, they didn't just stay out in the field tending to their sheep, debating its meaning and trying to think through what the grander idea might be.
They were moved to action.
They acted.
They ran to Bethlehem, they found the baby Jesus.
They immediately began spreading word to everybody that they met.
There's something to be learned from the shepherd's response.
They went to see.
The shepherds left everything behind to confirm the message that they had received.
Their response was immediate and full of faith.
This is a reminder
that when we encounter the good news of Jesus, we're invited to draw closer to see Him for ourselves.
But they didn't leave it.
They didn't stop there.
They began to share what they saw.
Once they saw Jesus, they couldn't keep the good news to themselves.
They shared it with joy and boldness and their excitement and their amazement.
And they shared all of that with everybody who would listen.
The good news for us is too life changing to remain private.
It's too life changing to hold it to ourselves.
It's meant to be shared.
When you're kids, did you ever take
dominoes or blocks or something and stack them up in a row so that like you know and they would go like that and then that way when you push to the one all of them would fall and then I used to do that as a kid I would take my parents domino my grandmother's domino box and you stack them up and if you put them in just the right order as you drop the first one the next one drops and then the so on and so forth and it creates this chain reaction and when that first one drops
and it creates the chain reaction.
It impacts the path of every other domino.
The shepherds were like the first domino, sharing the good news in a way that set others in motion.
Our obedience to share Christ can create a ripple effect that changes the lives, the families and the communities of everybody that we've touched.
If you want to know how to make a difference in this world, every one of us want our lives to mean something.
That's why we work and try to gain wealth.
That's why we work and try to gain notoriety.
That's why we do much of what we do is we want our lives to matter.
But can I tell you, the greatest way for your life to matter is for you to share the free gift that Jesus gave you when he died on the cross.
The world needs to hear.
the message.
It's an opportunity that we have.
Evangelism isn't always preaching.
It isn't always doing or saying or going.
It can be the simple acts of kindness.
It could be inviting somebody to our Christmas service next week to hear the story of how Jesus impacted your life or offering a prayer to somebody in need.
Shepherds were regular ordinary people who shared the story of what had happened in their life.
You don't need any special training.
All you need is a willing heart.
So as we close today, I want us to remember that the good news of Jesus's birth is joyful.
It's universal.
and it calls us to action.
Like the shepherds were invited to experience Jesus personally and then share the message with the world.
The same Savior who was born in Bethlehem over 2,000 years ago is the same Savior who is still transforming lives today.
And we have the privilege to be His messengers, to be His mouthpiece.
and he has again, not by coincidence, he has placed us in strategic places to be his mouthpiece to the city of St. Louis.
He has placed us for a season, for a time in this place to be his hands and his feet and to be his
mouthpiece to proclaim Jesus the good news to a lost and dying world.
So Father we thank you and we praise you for all that you've done.
Father you have given us the story, the good news of Jesus and you have called us to share it.
You have called us to experience your joy.
You have called us to share the message
Father, I pray for each one in this place.
May we receive that call today.
With every head bowed and every eye closed, if you're here and you've never experienced the joy of knowing Jesus, don't leave here today without responding to this good news.
Just as the shepherds were invited to come and see, Jesus invites you to receive him today, to come and see
if you'll accept him today.
If you would like to receive Jesus today in just a moment, we're gonna be singing our closing song and you were invited to come.
We would love to pray with you.
If you're here and you're a believer in the good news, it's already part of your life.
Just a reminder that it is not meant to stay with you.
Again, I'm gonna ask this question, who in your life needs to hear it?
a neighbor, a family member, a coworker.
God has already given you the name, so now pray and ask God to give you boldness and opportunity to share his love and his good news this week.
So Father, we thank you.
We thank you for the good news of Jesus' birth.
A message of joy for everybody.
Father, I pray for those who need to receive you for the first time and for those who need to share the good news this week.
We pray for those names that you have placed on their lips.
May they receive your spirit today.
May they receive the good news this week from a Berean who is willing to go and to share the good news.
We praise you and we thank you.
It is in the name of Jesus we pray.
and the altars are open.